[Wiki] Update Wiki with Documentation on Creating Component Documentation (#5733)
elastic/eui: wiki/documentation-guidelines.md

Documentation-only changes (e.g. changes to **only** `wiki/` or `src-docs/`) do not require a CHANGELOG entry. You may use the `skip-changelog` label on your PR to bypass CI checks.

[docs]: https://elastic.github.io/eui/

> ### Refer to [Elastic EUI documentation site](./eui-documentation-site.md) for information on the process of documenting components.

Reviewer: Need to update the reference here too

```suggestion
### Refer to [Creating documentation example pages](./eui-documentation-site.md) for information on the process of documenting components.
```
